Band Metallica added successfully
Band Godsmack added successfully
Band Nightwish added successfully
The member James Hetfield has been added to the band Metallica.
The member Lars Ulrich has been added to the band Metallica.
The member Kirk Hammett has been added to the band Metallica.
The member Robert Trujillo has been added to the band Metallica.
The member Sully Erna has been added to the band Godsmack.
The member Shannon Larkin has been added to the band Godsmack.
The member Robbie Merrill has been added to the band Godsmack.
The member Tony Rombola has been added to the band Godsmack.
The member Tarja Turunen has been added to the band Nightwish.
The member Tuomas Holopainen has been added to the band Nightwish.
The member Erno Matti Juhani Vuorinen has been added to the band Nightwish.
Nightwish: Tarja Turunen, Tuomas Holopainen, Erno Matti Juhani Vuorinen
no songs
Metallica: James Hetfield, Lars Ulrich, Kirk Hammett, Robert Trujillo
no songs
Godsmack: Sully Erna, Shannon Larkin, Robbie Merrill, Tony Rombola
no songs
Song Livin' In Sin by Godsmack added successfully
Song Speak by Godsmack added successfully
Song The Enemy by Godsmack added successfully
Song Voodoo Too by Godsmack added successfully
Song One Rainy Day by Godsmack added successfully
Album IV by Godsmack added successfully
The song Livin' In Sin has been added to the album IV.
The song Speak has been added to the album IV.
The song The Enemy has been added to the album IV.
The song One Rainy Day has been added to the album IV.
30 items of album IV successfully supplied.
15 items of album IV successfully sold.
35 items of song Speak successfully supplied.
300 items of song The Enemy successfully supplied.
24 items of song One Rainy Day successfully supplied.
The rating has been placed successfully.
The rating has been placed successfully.
IV (2006) by Godsmack
Genre: Hard Rock, Price: $15.99
Supplies: 15, Sold: 15
Songs:
Livin' In Sin (4.39)
Speak (3.57)
The Enemy (4.07)
One Rainy Day (7.21)
Speak (2006) by Godsmack
Genre: Hard Rock, Price: $2.99
Rating: 5
Supplies: 35, Sold: 0
Song Fight Fire with Fire by Metallica added successfully
Song Fade to Black by Metallica added successfully
Song Escape by Metallica added successfully
Song Creeping Death by Metallica added successfully
58 items of song Fight Fire with Fire successfully supplied.
47 items of song Escape successfully supplied.
The rating has been placed successfully.
The rating has been placed successfully.
The album does not exist in the database.
The album does not exist in the database.
Metallica: James Hetfield, Lars Ulrich, Kirk Hammett, Robert Trujillo
Creeping Death; Escape; Fade to Black; Fight Fire with Fire
Godsmack: Sully Erna, Shannon Larkin, Robbie Merrill, Tony Rombola
Livin' In Sin; One Rainy Day; Speak; The Enemy; Voodoo Too
Fight Fire with Fire (1984) by Metallica
Genre: Thrash Metal, Price: $1.89
Rating: 5
Supplies: 58, Sold: 0
Escape (1984) by Metallica
Genre: Thrash Metal, Price: $1.88
Rating: 5
Supplies: 47, Sold: 0
Speak (2006) by Godsmack
Genre: Hard Rock, Price: $2.99
Rating: 5
Supplies: 35, Sold: 0
